docs/config.adoc, before:

= Configurations

* ENV variables:
  - **DOCKER_REPOSITORY**: Root location of images (_default value: DOCKER_REPOSITORY__).
  - **DOCKER_LIQUIBASE_DOOKUG**: Indicates the image location (_schema1 default value: ${DOCKER_REPOSITORY}/liquibase/modules/dookug_db_).
  - **DBDWH_IMAGE_VERSION**: used version of liquibase, postgres, partman images (_default value: 0.10.0_)
  - **VERSION**: Project version, this is set automatically.
* Compose variables:
  - **LIQUIBASE_BASE_IMAGE**: central, corporate base liquibase image with version, used by dockerfile (_default value: DOCKER_REPOSITORY/db-base-liquibase:${DBDWH_IMAGE_VERSION}_).
  - **liquibase-release/LIQUIBASE_INSTALL_DIR**: local liquibase directory, used by dockerfile (_schema1 default value: ./liquibase/dookug_).
  - **LIQUIBASE_INSTALL_COMMON_DIR**: local liquibase/common directory, used by dockerfile (_default value: ./liquibase/common_).
* Before Liquibase variables:  
  - **S2_SCHEMA_NAME**: Step 2 schema name, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: dookug_).
  - **CREATE_DATABASE**: PostgreSQL DB. If the current DB needs to be embedded in another DB (_under a specific schema_), this variable prevents an empty DB from being created. Default value is TRUE in the before-liquibase file, can be overridden externally.
* Properties variables:
  - Properties file: File belonging to the given DB that provides data for local db access and maps the liquibase changelog file to the given step compose file.
  - **URL**: URL of the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally. 
  ** Oracle DB: (default value: _jdbc:oracle:thin:@module-dookug-oracle:1521/xepdb1_).
  ** Postgres DB/step1: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/postgres_).
  ** Postgres DB/step2: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/dookug_db).
  ** Postgres DB/step3: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/postgres_).
  ** Postgres DB/step4: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/dookug_db).
  - **USERNAME**: Username for the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally.
  ** Oracle DB/step1: (default value: _system_).
  ** Oracle DB/step2: (schema2 default value: dookug).
  ** Oracle DB/step4: (schema4 default value: dookug).
  ** Postgres DB: (default value: _postgres_).
  - **PASSWORD**: Password for the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally. 
  ** Oracle DB: (default value: _developer_).
  ** Postgres DB: (default value: _postgres_).
  - **CHANGELOGFILE**: Name of the liquibase changelog file, by default local changelog file access for the given DB step is specified.
  ** step1: DB installation, users, permissions, etc. (default value: _liquibase-install-step-01.xml_).
  ** step2: Liquibase installation, DB objects (default value: _liquibase-install-step-02.xml_).
  ** step3: ONLY PostgreSQL - CRON scheduler entry (default value: _liquibase-install-step-03.xml_).
  ** step4: Optional! Default (test/dev) template loading (default value: _liquibase-install-step-04.xml_).

Commit message:

DKG-319 refact_install_fix
some fixes have come out during tests

docs/config.adoc, after:

= Configurations

* ENV variables:
  - **DOCKER_REPOSITORY**: Root location of images (_default value: DOCKER_REPOSITORY__).
  - **DOCKER_LIQUIBASE_DOOKUG**: Indicates the image location (_schema1 default value: ${DOCKER_REPOSITORY}/liquibase/modules/dookug_db_).
  - **DBDWH_IMAGE_VERSION**: used version of liquibase, postgres, partman images (_default value: 0.10.0_)
  - **VERSION**: Project version, this is set automatically.
* Compose variables:
  - **LIQUIBASE_BASE_IMAGE**: central, corporate base liquibase image with version, used by dockerfile (_default value: DOCKER_REPOSITORY/db-base-liquibase:${DBDWH_IMAGE_VERSION}_).
  - **liquibase-release/LIQUIBASE_INSTALL_DIR**: local liquibase directory, used by dockerfile (_schema1 default value: ./liquibase/dookug_).
  - **LIQUIBASE_INSTALL_COMMON_DIR**: local liquibase/common directory, used by dockerfile (_default value: ./liquibase/common_).
  - **PG_TOOLS_IMAGE**: Postgres partition manager installer path, used by dockerfile (_default value: icellmobilsoft/db-base-pg_tools:${DBDWH_IMAGE_VERSION}'_).
* Before Liquibase variables:  
  - **S2_SCHEMA_NAME**: Step 2 schema name, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: dookug_).
  - **INSTALL_PGTOOLS**: PG partition manager installer switch in Step 2 (_automatically copied in Dockerfile and installed in STEP2_), with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: 1_).
  - **INSTALL_USERNAME_ADMIN**: The Admin user for the main installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: postgres/system based on DB type_).
  - **INSTALL_USERNAME_PROJECT**: The Project user for the project schema installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: S2_SCHEMA_NAME_).
  - **INSTALL_PASSWORD_ADMIN**: The password of Admin user for the main installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: postgres_).
  - **INSTALL_PASSWORD_PROJECT**: The password of Project user for the project schema installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: postgres/developer based on DB type_).
  - **INSTALL_URL_ADMIN**: The URL of Admin DB for the main installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/postgres/jdbc:oracle:thin:@module-dookug-oracle:1521/xepdb1 based on DB type_).
  - **INSTALL_URL_PROJECT**: The URL of Project DB for the project schema installs, with default value, can be overridden externally (_default value: jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/dookug_db/jdbc:oracle:thin:@module-dookug-oracle:1521/xepdb1 based on DB type_).
  - **CREATE_DATABASE**: PostgreSQL DB. If the current DB needs to be embedded in another DB (_under a specific schema_), this variable prevents an empty DB from being created. Default value is TRUE in the before-liquibase file, can be overridden externally.
  - **INSTALL_STEPS**: Before install, you can set the step(s) of the install, which you need to run. You can list multiple steps as well. (_default value: 1,2,3,4_), can be overridden externally.
* Properties variables:
  - Properties file: File belonging to the given DB that provides data for local db access and maps the liquibase changelog file to the given step compose file.
  - **URL**: URL of the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally. 
  ** Oracle DB: (default value: _jdbc:oracle:thin:@module-dookug-oracle:1521/xepdb1_).
  ** Postgres DB/step1: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/postgres_).
  ** Postgres DB/step2: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/dookug_db).
  ** Postgres DB/step3: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/postgres_).
  ** Postgres DB/step4: (default value: _jdbc:postgresql://module-dookug-postgredb:5432/dookug_db).
  - **USERNAME**: Username for the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally.
  ** Oracle DB/step1: (default value: _system_).
  ** Oracle DB/step2: (schema2 default value: dookug).
  ** Oracle DB/step4: (schema4 default value: dookug).
  ** Postgres DB: (default value: _postgres_).
  - **PASSWORD**: Password for the DB to be installed, by default local DB access is specified, can be overridden externally. 
  ** Oracle DB: (default value: _developer_).
  ** Postgres DB: (default value: _postgres_).
  - **CHANGELOGFILE**: Name of the liquibase changelog file, by default local changelog file access for the given DB step is specified.
  ** step1: DB installation, users, permissions, etc. (default value: _liquibase-install-step-01.xml_).
  ** step2: Liquibase installation, DB objects (default value: _liquibase-install-step-02.xml_).
  ** step3: ONLY PostgreSQL - CRON scheduler entry (default value: _liquibase-install-step-03.xml_).
  ** step4: Optional! Default (test/dev) template loading (default value: _liquibase-install-step-04.xml_).
